[UNR-2989] Fix the Start deployment button being greyed out after auth timeout (#1873)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- Replicated references to newly created dynamic subobjects will now be resolved correctly.
- Fixed a bug that caused the local API service to memory leak.
- Errors are now correctly reported when you try to launch a cloud deployment without an assembly.

> - Fixed the Start deployment button being greyed out after Spatial authentication timeout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Start deployment button will no longer become greyed out when a `spatial auth login` process times out.
```
